Update configure-device.md docs (#615)
flutter-tizen/flutter-tizen: doc/configure-device.md

1. Make sure your host PC and TV are on the same network (connected to the same access point).

> 1. Enable the developer mode.(OS version: Tizen 9.0)

Reviewer: Clarification: "The images below are from a Tizen 9.0 TV. They may look different on other TVs."

>    1. Move **Apps** page and open **App Settings** application.

Reviewer: We don't move a page.

```suggestion
   1. Go to **Apps** and click the  **App Settings** icon.
```

      ![Apps](images/tv-developer-option-1.png)

      ![App Settings](images/tv-developer-option-2.png)

   1. Enter the number **12345** using the remote control or on-screen number pad.

      ![Enter 12345](images/tv-developer-option-3.png)

   1. Set **Developer mode** to **On**, enter the IP address of the host PC, and press **OK**.

      ![Enter IP address](images/tv-developer-option-4.png)

>    1. Restart the TV. You will see **Develop Mode** enabled in **Apps** after the TV restarts.

Reviewer: "Apps" is now "Settings".

```suggestion
   1. Restart the TV. You will see **Develop Mode** enabled after the TV restarts.
```

### Install Tizen OS on Raspberry Pi 4

> [!NOTE]

> > Raspberry Pi 3 was not supported since Tizen 8.0. Raspberry Pi 5 (64bit-only) can be used for experimental.

Reviewer: was not → is not

   └─sdc1        8:33   1  29.3G  0 part
   ```

> 1. Download a fusing script(`sd_fusing.py`).

Reviewer: Space is mandatory.
```suggestion
1. Download a fusing script (`sd_fusing.py`).
```

   ```sh

   $ wget "https://review.tizen.org/git/?p=platform/kernel/tizen-fusing-scripts.git;a=blob_plain;f=scripts/sd_fusing.py;hb=HEAD" --output-document=sd_fusing.py
   $ chmod +x sd_fusing.py
   ```

> 1. Re-partition the SD card. (replace `/dev/sdc` with your own device name):

Reviewer: Redundant. You have already demonstrated below.
```suggestion
1. Re-partition the SD card.
```

   ```sh
   $ sudo ./sd_fusing.py -d <SD card device name> -t <Target Board> --format
   ```
   For example:
   ```sh
   $ sudo ./sd_fusing.py -d /dev/sdc -t rpi4 --format
   ```

1. [Download a Tizen OS image](https://docs.tizen.org/platform/developing/flashing-rpi/#download-binaries). Visit the links below and download two `.tar.gz` files.

>    - [tizen-boot-armv7l-rpi4](https://download.tizen.org/releases/milestone/TIZEN/Tizen/Tizen-Unified/latest/images/standard/tizen-boot-armv7l-rpi4/)

Reviewer: Do we default to arm32? I thought the arm64 image would perform better on the arm64 hardware.

Author: Matched the official guide document. https://docs.tizen.org/platform/developing/flashing-rpi/

   - [tizen-headed-armv7l](https://download.tizen.org/releases/milestone/TIZEN/Tizen/Tizen-Unified/latest/images/standard/tizen-headed-armv7l/)

> 1. Flash the image to the SD card. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Flash the image to the SD card.
```
